Updates the readme (#1)
RWTH-TIME/shoutout: README.md

![.assets/arch.png](.assets/arch.png)

## quickstart

Its recommended to use [docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) and [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)

### Docker:

To setup all services just run following command in the root directory.

> **Before running the following command, please update the environment variable `MINIO_ENDPOINT` inside the docker compose to your IP-Adress!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Before running the following command, please update the environment variable `MINIO_ENDPOINT` inside the docker compose to the external reachable hostname! This container is called directly from the frontend.**
```
